PowerShell Bind Shells
This process is reversed when
dealing with bind shells.
We first create the bind shell through
PowerShell on Bob’s computer,
and then use Netcat to connect
to it from Alice’s.
As with the reverse shell,
this complex command can be
broken down into several parts.
In addition to the client, stream
and byte variables,
we also have a new listener variable
that uses the System Net Sockets
TcpListener class.
This class requires two arguments:
the listening address and port
As with the reverse shell, we once again
use the iex cmdlet to execute our commands
In this command, we will again pass our
command to powershell using the -c option.
With the bind shell listening, we can
connect to it from Alice’s machine
using Netcat as we would
with any other shell.
PowerShell is ridiculously powerful
and we’re not even close to scratching
the surface in terms of its functionality.
Due to Microsoft’s increasing
use of PowerShell
for Windows-based
administration and automation,
knowing how to properly use PowerShell
to achieve our goals
is extremely important.